Update remarks about legacy Exchange Online tokens (#12929)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: exchange/exchange-ps/exchange/Get-AuthenticationPolicy.md

**Important**:

> - Legacy Exchange Online tokens will be turned off for all organizations from August 2025 through September 2025. Once turned off, you can't use the _AllowLegacyExchangeTokens_ switch on the **Set-AuthenticationPolicy** cmdlet to turn on these tokens. If you receive the error "Legacy Exchange Online tokens are disabled" when you run the command `Get-AuthenticationPolicy -AllowLegacyExchangeTokens`, you can [contact Microsoft Support to request an exception](https://aka.ms/LegacyTokensByOctober). For more information, see [Nested app authentication and Outlook legacy tokens deprecation FAQ](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/outlook/faq-nested-app-auth-outlook-legacy-tokens).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Legacy Exchange Online tokens will be turned off for all organizations from August 2025 through September 2025. Once turned off, you can't use the _AllowLegacyExchangeTokens_ switch on the **Set-AuthenticationPolicy** cmdlet to turn on these tokens. You'll receive the warning "Legacy Exchange Online tokens are disabled" when you run the command `Get-AuthenticationPolicy -AllowLegacyExchangeTokens`. You can [contact Microsoft Support to request an exception](https://aka.ms/LegacyTokensByOctober). For more information, see [Nested app authentication and Outlook legacy tokens deprecation FAQ](https://learn.microsoft.com/office/dev/add-ins/outlook/faq-nested-app-auth-outlook-legacy-tokens).
```
